Go find out this life is boundless
What identity is it?
Trust me.
Did the crow find any clues?
Maybe Grandpa has someone from First Ancha by his side
So he never left any cash payable.
Yes, yes, yes, I will never let him go.
autumn
Your mother introduced you to a young master of the Lu family, Lu Tianhao
I'll arrange for you two to meet in two days
Mom, Grandpa Shen just passed away
I don't really think about this kind of thing now
Don't worry about that beast Shen Crow anymore
The Shen family has offended someone this time
I heard he switched the autopsy on and off
The one lying in the coffin shop is not Shen Elder
The actual body was cremated early this morning
The legend is that he was poisoned
Help me! Where are you going?
I misunderstood him